---
title: 'Wet n Wild: Cruelty Free Cosmetics OpEd'
author: Daron
type: post
date: 2017-08-02T15:09:13+00:00
url: /2017/08/02/wet-n-wild/
featured_image: /wp-content/uploads/2017/08/blur-brush-close-up-457704.jpg
switch_like_status:
  - 0
  - 0
brizy:
  - 'a:3:{i:0;s:0:"";s:10:"brizy-post";O:17:"Brizy_Editor_Post":0:{}s:15:"brizy-use-brizy";i:1;}'
  - 'a:3:{i:0;s:0:"";s:10:"brizy-post";O:17:"Brizy_Editor_Post":0:{}s:15:"brizy-use-brizy";i:1;}'
brizy-post-editor-version:
  - 1.0.39
  - 1.0.39
categories:
  - Writing Sample

---
<div class="page" title="Page 1">
  <div class="section">
    <div class="layoutArea">
      <div class="column">
        <p>
          Wet n Wild, a Los Angeles based beauty brand, offers affordable, well-made products. Most of Wet n Wilds products can be purchased for less than ten dollars at any major drug store.
        </p>
        
        <p>
          A major selling point for Wet n Wild is that they offer cruelty free merchandise. When purchasing beauty products this is often a concern because many companies test on animals, or use animal by-products in their items. Wet n Wild consumers can feel at ease knowing that no animals were harmed or tested on during the making of their products. Not only are Wet n Wild’s products 100% cruelty free, most of them are vegan as well. Wet n Wild is an advocate for PETA’s “Beauty without Bunnies” program and believes in “beauty without cruelty first” according to its website.
        </p>
        
        <p>
          Wet n Wild is not just ethically sound, it offers great products as well! Wet n Wild offers a plethora of beauty products ranging from make-up brushes and nail polish to eyeshadow and highlighter. A very beloved crowd (and personal) favorite is Wet n Wild’s “Megaglo Highlighting Powder” in the “precious petals” shade. Originally this product was released as a seasonal exclusive. Beauty lovers searched high and low to purchase this holy grail highlighter, but it was sold out in almost every drugstore just days after its release.
        </p>
        
        <p>
          The highlighter now has a forever home on Wet n Wild’s website and the product has been continued in their regular line. This highlighter, coupled with the cruelty free factor, and the many other amazing products makes Wet n Wild a considerable favorite among many make-up lovers.
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>